Add configuration flow to Google Calendar (#22026)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/google.markdown

  default: read_write
{% endconfiguration %}

Then make sure to restart Home Assistant under _**Server Controls**_.

{% my server_controls badge %}

After that, you need to add Google Calendars *Integration*.

{% my config_flow_start badge domain=page.ha_domain %}

{% details "Manual configuration steps" %}

1. Browse to your Home Assistant instance.
1. In the sidebar click on _**{% my config icon %}**_.
1. From the configuration menu select: _**{% my integrations icon %}**_.
1. In the bottom right, click on the
  _**{% my config_flow_start icon domain=page.ha_domain %}**_ button.
1. From the list, search and select _**"Google Calendars"**_ and follow the instructions.

{% enddetails %}

The integration setup will next give you instructions on how to authorize Home Assistant to access your account and Calendars.

{% details "OAuth and Device Authorization steps" %}

1. The first step shows a link and a code.

    ![Screenshot of Link Account](/images/integrations/google/link_account.png)

1. Click on the link [https://www.google.com/device](https://www.google.com/device) to open a Google website which should open a new window where you can enter the code.

> 1. Home Assistant will wait for a short time while you complete the authorization steps, checking in the background for the authorization to be copmlete.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Home Assistant will wait for a short time while you complete the authorization steps, checking in the background for the authorization to be completed.
```

    ![Screenshot of Enter Code](/images/integrations/google/enter_code.png)

1. Continue through the steps of selecting the account you used when creating the credentials in the Google Developer Console.

1. **NOTE**: You may get a message telling you that the app has not been verified and you will need to acknowledge that in
order to proceed.

1. Depending on your `configuration.yaml`, you will either be granting Home Assistant *read only* or *read write* access
to all the Google Calendars available to your linked account.

1. You should then see a *Success!* message from Google.

    ![Screenshot of Device Connected](/images/integrations/google/device_connected.png)

1. You may close the window, and return back to Home Assistant where you should see a *Success!* message from Home Assistant.

    ![Screenshot of Success](/images/integrations/google/success.png)

{% enddetails %}

## Troubleshooting

> If the set up process fails and you see an error message such as *Authentication code expired, please try again* you may want to try the flow again. You may also check the logs for additional error messages that may indicate a misconfiguration such as an invalid client id or secret.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the setup process fails and you see an error message such as *Authentication code expired, please try again* you may want to try the flow again. You may also check the logs for additional error messages that may indicate a misconfiguration such as an invalid client id or secret.
```
